docs(core): Pagination documentation (#5320)
island-is/island.is: handbook/technical-overview/api-design-guide/pagination.md

    "endCursor": "aWQ6MTAwMw==",
  },
  "totalCount": 25
}
```

The `totalCount` field indicates how many total items are available on the server.  
The `PageInfo` object is described in the following [section](#pageinfo).

## PageInfo

The `PageInfo` contains details about the pagination. It should follow the interface:

```typescript
interface PageInfo {
  hasPreviousPage: boolean
  hasNextPage: boolean
  startCursor: string
  endCursor: string
}
```

The `hasPreviousPage` and `hasNextPage` are boolean flags to indicate if there exists more items before or after the current set of data received.
The `startCursor` and `endCursor` are `Base64` encoded strings. The client uses these values in following request to get previous or next page, see [query paramters](#pagination-query-parameters).

## Pagination Query parameters

For an API to support pagination it needs to support the following query parameters:

- `limit` - Limits the number of results in a request. The server should have a default value for this field.
- `before` - The client provides the value of `startCursor` from the previous response `pageInfo` to query the previous page of `limit` number of data items.

> - `after` - The client provides the value of `endCursor` from the previous response toquery the next page of `limit` number of data items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `after` - The client provides the value of `endCursor` from the previous response to query the next page of `limit` number of data items.
```
